[pensive music playing]
Please hurry, Ms. Keen.
He doesn't like to be kept waiting.
Is that how it works around here?
He snaps his fingers, everyone trembles?
If they have any sense.
Aren't you coming?
Oh, thank God you're here.
The boys and I were chatting
about failed expectations.
I'll catch you up.
First I said,
Kansas was an awful bloodbath.
And, sure, that was fun,
but you let Reddington get away.
Then they said, "So sorry,
we promise to do better next time!
Please, Neville,
what about my wife and kids?"
To which I said, "Wife and kids?"
What about my wife? What about my kids?
You're insane!
Why, because I stabbed a man
who was suffocating?
I suppose that was crazy of me.
Almost as crazy as partnering
with an FBI agent.
No. No!
You find him at his girlfriend's,
have him at gunpoint,
but somehow he gets away?
Why is that?
Why don't I have everything
you promised me?
[gasping]
I have a lead. On Reddington.
I can prove he's N-13,
and in communication with the Russians.
Do you, now?
I suppose there's only one way
to find out. Go.
Pursue. Live the dream.
But, Elizabeth...
don't disappoint me again.
[birds chirping]
[chirping echoing]
[pensive music playing]
Anne, stay with me.
Belsky reached out. He said it's urgent.
Anne had a daughter-- Has a daughter.
You must put that behind you.
Belsky has information
that concerns Townsend and Elizabeth.
-Then I suppose we'll act on it.
-Raymond, there's something else.
Paula called.
Glen's mother Paula?
Yes. She wanted you to call
or come by the house.
Then she said something
about new irons in the fire.
Hot ones, she said.
-Oh, my God. Sounds like she's dating.
-[chuckles] That's what I said.
And she laughed and said,
"No, nothing like that.
This is business. Serious business."
And then she said,
"All right, then, Dembe.
I'll see you and Raymond at the house.
What happened to Bill and Steven?
She knows, Raymond.
Why?
Histiaeus. What's to be learned from him
other than tyranny and duplicity?
There you have it. A history of mankind.
Tyranny and duplicity.
You've come a long way
from the 8th Directorate, Comrade--
Uh, Professor Belsky.
Although I see your affinity
for authoritarians hasn't changed.
Histiaeus wanted to organize a revolt
but feared discovery by the Persians.
So he shaved the hair
of his favorite slave
and had the treasonous message
tattooed on his head.
When the hair grew back,
he sent him off to spread the word,
which became the first recorded act
of steganography in warfare.
Of course, my KGB ciphers
are no more relevant today
than tattooing a head.
So you can imagine my surprise
when I stumbled across this.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Cooper] I don't understand.
Are you getting leads from a psychic?
[Raymond] To predict the future?
I don't know.
At 5.99 a minute, Madame Zorba might be
a bargain at twice the price.
If there was a Madame Zorba,
but there isn't.
You're showing me a fake ad.
It's not an ad. It's a message.
A code that I believe Townsend
and Elizabeth may be using
to communicate with an associate.
"Love is a knot
that even death cannot untie."
Sounds like a Hallmark card.
Having failed to kill me,
I suspect Elizabeth and Townsend
may be planning
to move against those around me.
-In my world and possibly in yours.
-Her fight is with you, not us.
Yes. But you're with me.
And she's with Townsend,
who takes great pride in displaying
his utter disregard for human life.
"Love is a knot" isn't an aphorism,
it's a clue to decrypting the code.
As you well know, during the Cold War,
nobody mastered the art
of clandestine communication
better than the Soviets,
their pièce de résistance
being a cipher machine
capable of encrypting or decrypting text
into ten different languages.
The Russkiy Uzel, the Russian Knot.
The Kremlin destroyed most of them
prior to the fall of the Soviet Union,
so Lord knows
how Townsend got his hands on one.
Clearly he did.
If we want to decrypt that message,
we need to get one too.
I don't think this is something
we can order on Amazon.
The only other machine I know of
is on display in a museum in Minsk.
Beautiful city.
Amazing opera house.
I'd forgotten how beautiful
until yesterday.
-You were just in Minsk?
-Yes.
In order to make a generous donation
to said museum
from a private collection.
Nana was born in Minsk.
I can think of no better way
to honor her passing than with this gift.
-You gave the museum a Cézanne?
-A stolen one.
Which,
like all good and greedy bureaucrats,
they're trying to decide
whether to report.
Imagine their embarrassment
when the FBI finds it in their possession.
You donated the painting.
Now you want us to go get it back.
Yes. Along with the Russian Knot.
Why would they give us that?
Last I checked,
your country had sanctions in place
against both the president of Belarus
and his son.
They're not giving you anything.
You want us to steal it.
Of course. What do you think
we've been talking about?
[Aram] This cipher machine
is pretty fascinating.
You use the little keyboard
to type up your message,
which it then jumbles
into a random series of letters.
Then on the receiving end,
you need another machine
to turn the gobbledygook
back into regular text.
But this thing's 50 years old.
Can't you crack the code without it?
It's not exactly
Orphan Annie's decoder ring.
The complexity of the Knot's algorithm
compounds every letter
after it is entered,
netting us a trillion, trillion,
trillion different possibilities.
[Park] We want to know what Keen
and Townsend are up to,
but are we really talking about robbing
the Belarusian War Museum?
We've done worse.
Reddington made it clear
there's no diplomatic angle.
Townsend has illicit relationships
with the Council of Ministers.
If we reach out for help, he'll be tipped.
To what?
We don't know what Keen's planning.
Ruddiger, what do you got?
This bores through rock
using ultrasonic vibrations.
[whirring softly]
[lively music playing]
-A lot quieter too.
-It's not very deep.
Don't we need to get through
two feet of concrete?
Only needs to be deep enough
for the SCDA to do its thing
and to keep me
out of the boss's heavy bag.
What you gain in noise reduction,
you lose in predictability.
It takes time to heat up and expand,
for the pressure to build,
until finally...
[imitates explosion]
Talk to me about access.
Once we're in,
we need to smuggle the cipher device out.
The lab's mocking up a fake
to leave in its place as we speak.
We need to loop security feeds
to make the swap.
Okay, but how do we gain entry
into their security passage?
[Esi] Silva Terzian.
Immigrated from Armenia.
Gets a tea at the same cafe
every morning before work.
She's our in.
[explosion]
[exclaims]
Pack it up. It's time to go.
-Now? Why so soon?
-[Cooper] The breach happens Friday night.
When the museum is hosting its fundraiser.
Staff won't like the FBI presence,
won't wanna cause a scene
in front of donors,
which means they're more likely
to fall for our diversion.
[chattering]
[Liz] Oh!
-I'm so sorry! Let me help you.
-No, it's okay.
Don't worry about it.
[beeps]
[Liz] Hey.
Forgot your wallet.
Thank you.
Anyone unclear? Any questions?
The big question
is what's Liz really up to?
If we're successful
in bringing this device home,
we have a good shot at finding out.
[upbeat music playing]
[in Russian] What's going on?
Something wrong?
Let me know if we have a problem.
At the terminus, go left.
Then straight ahead, 200 feet.
Once you're on site,
you need to be 12 feet, two inches
off the center of the north wall.
[museum director] Your credentials
appear to be in order,
but you're in the wrong country.
[Cooper] I go wherever he takes me.
Notorious fugitive Raymond Reddington.
I'm told you accepted
a stolen painting from him.
He called himself Lloyd Wilke.
[Cooper] I could alert Interpol.
They'd love to swarm your museum
and arrest you as an accomplice
after the fact,
but that might kill the mood
of this evening.
Yes. That would be terrible.
Or you have your people
show my team your security feeds
while I look at that Cézanne.
Four minutes.
All right.
You get started, I got the sensors.
Beautiful city, by the way.
It's true what they say,
Minsk isn't just concrete.
But there is some beautiful concrete.
Hey, Aram, it's Cooper.
Something about a legal attaché.
We'll catch up in a second.
[pensive music playing]
[guard 1 in Russian] We need to pull up
the logs from Tuesday afternoon.
[guard 2] What for?
Who's this?
American cowboy. Real big gun.
[Aram in English]
Not trying to cowboy anyone.
Just wanna take a peek at the footage.
[drill whirring]
[keyboard clacking]
[in Russian] Excuse me.
Where is the restroom?
Small bladder.
Friends call me...
Peanut.
On the left.
Thank you.
[both laughing]
Sensors are down.
[door closes]
They're here.
-Who's here?
-The task force.
-What are they doing here?
-What do you think?
Reddington must have sent them
to get the device before we can.
We have to hurry.
[Ressler] Aram, we're in place.
[Aram] Give me a minute to record
enough footage to loop the feeds.
[material spraying]
[in Russian] That him? In the hat?
Yeah, that's him.
Where's Peanut?
[Aram] Cameras are bypassed.
You're good to go.
-[Liz] Hurry. Hurry.
-Okay. Any minute now.
[cell phone ringing]
Don't answer. It's about to blow.
What?
Hello?
I just had a dream about you.
I'm sorry, now is not a good time.
Don't interrupt or I'll forget.
I was at a wedding,
about to greet the bride and groom.
But everyone was crying
and I realized this isn't a wedding,
it's a funeral.
Aram, we're ready to open the case.
Are the sensors down?
Uh, guys? This is weird,
but the sensors are already off.
I hate funerals.
I'm absolutely squeamish
about open caskets.
I was terrified.
That's when I felt
someone squeeze my hand.
It was you.
You were holding my hand
and I wasn't afraid anymore.
-Guess who was in the casket.
-[Liz] I don't know.
Reddington!
And he looked hideous.
All sunken and yellow.
I'm sorry, I really have to--
I know I was harsh before,
but this dream is a good sign.
I am rooting for you, Elizabeth.
I gotta go.
-He said he had a dream about me.
-He is creepy.
What the hell is going on?
Run.
[dramatic music playing]
-[exclaims] The badge. I left it in--
-What are you doing?
-Forget the badge.
-We can't get through without it.
We'll go on foot.
I'll be back. Meet you in the van.
[grunts]
It's her. She's in the building.
Keen's got the cipher.
Aram, tell me you have eyes.
[Aram] Got her.
Basement, near the east stairwell.
Agent Park is around the corner.
Oh, no.
[grunting]
It really is a lovely piece.
[classical music playing]
[dramatic music playing]
I always wanted a hero moment.
I got the badge.
Let's go. Grab the Knot.
Yeah, I got it. I'm right behind you.
[Ressler] Where's Park?
-You're gonna shoot me? For this?
-You don't understand.
I'm dead without the device.
Shoot me. Show me there's nothing
left of the old Elizabeth Keen.
The cipher. I have to have it.
Why? For Townsend?
So we can't read his messages?
Townsend? He doesn't know I'm--
Why would you say that?
[Esi] Liz, where are you?
Liz, we need to go now.
[Ressler] Park!
Is she okay?
-[Park] Yeah, I'm okay.
-Where's Liz? Where'd she go?
[dramatic music playing]
-You're not taking the painting?
-My concern is finding Reddington.
Agents from our Art Theft Unit
will be in touch to discuss the details.
Excuse me.
[Ressler] We got a problem.
-What kind of problem?
-A Liz Keen problem.
[Paula] My pumpkin cheesecake thumbprints
are sort of legendary.
-They were Glen's favorite.
-Thank you, Paula.
Yes. Thank you, Paula.
You're welcome, Steve, Bill.
Paula, is there anything
you'd like to tell us?
I used canned pumpkin.
Ah.
-You know who I am.
-I do.
I'm so sorry. I know it's a big secret.
How did you find out, Paula?
I found this under Jelly's bed.
I say manuscript,
but it's really more of a memoir.
[Raymond] Glen was writing a book.
About your time together.
The hijinks and shenanigans.
Oh, don't worry, I don't think
he sent it to any publishers yet.
I can't believe this.
I can.
Me too.
It makes a whole lot more sense
than Jelly being Huey Lewis' muse.
Paula, why are you telling me
all of this now?
That's the thing.
I've been retired from Ma Bell
for some time now.
I've been keeping to my budget.
But after Jelly died,
without his income, um,
things have gotten sort of tight.
Now, I'm not asking for a handout,
I went back to work
at the phone company part-time,
but if you could maybe lend me--
How much do you need?
One hundred and seventy-two dollars.
And I'll pay it back with interest.
Or I could work it off, pressing that suit
or maybe cooking you two
a nice cream can dinner.
Well, that does sound nice,
but, Paula, this is a gift.
One I offer you in exchange
for your continued discretion.
No gifts.
I have to insist on paying you back.
Then let's just say
I'm purchasing Glen's manuscript.
That would mean a lot to him.
You say you've gone back to work
at the phone company?
Yeah. The cellular one. The big one.
Eighteen hours a week now. Why do you ask?
[suspenseful music playing]
What on earth?
Reddington must've donated the painting
so he could case the museum.
-What do you think he was after?
-The Russian Knot.
[museum director]
That machine's one of a kind.
[Cooper] Lucky we stopped him.
Yes. Thank God for the FBI.
Your local police
are gonna wanna secure the area.
We should clear everyone out.
Tell me that was the fake.
Well, thank God for the FBI.
[pensive music playing]
[Cooper] We got the device.
The Art Theft Unit got the Cézanne.
Excellent.
Please tell me you made it to the opera.
We didn't. Keen made sure of that.
Oh, of course. She was there.
That's what I can't square.
The "of course" of it.
You told me she and Townsend
were using the device
to encrypt their communiques.
That you'd intercepted those communiques,
but couldn't decrypt them
unless we went to Minsk
and got the device.
Something Elizabeth
would never have wanted you to do.
What I can't square
is how she knew we were doing it.
Or why, when I mentioned Townsend's name,
Keen acted like
he had no idea she was there.
I can't speak to any of that.
But all that matters
is that you have the device
and I have the ability
to show you how to use it
to read the text on that billboard.
Which I'll do as soon as I finish
with a pressing appointment.
More than stopping Townsend
and finding Elizabeth?
For the moment.
Paula, tell me something good.
Well, you know Ernie in billing has
had his eye on me since his missus passed.
So I took him up on an offer
to have dinner at Perkins.
I sort of sweet-talked him.
Anyway, I told him
I did one of those spit tests,
found out I had a half-sister
and was just desperate to get an address.
Emma Foster.
Date of birth, address, phone number.
He just went and got it for you?
I always told Jelly
you get more bees with honey.
You are the bee's knees, Paula.
-Oh, and what's this?
-Receipt from Perkins.
If it's not too much, I'd like to get
reimbursed for the chicken dinner.
Ernie wanted to go Dutch.
[groans] Ernie.
[cell phone ringing]
-Ressler.
-[Liz] Reddington's lying to you.
You wanna tell me about it?
How about turning yourself in?
He told you I wanted the device
to keep him from reading messages
between me and Townsend.
A theory you proved
by trying to keep us from it.
I wasn't there to keep you
from reading my messages.
I was there to get it so I could read his.
Wait. The billboard is his?
Billboard?
I don't know anything about that.
I know Reddington uses the Knot
to decrypt messages in classified ads
in the Washington Post.
If he's decrypting messages
using a Russian Knot,
why send us to Minsk to get another?
So I couldn't read what he
and his handler are saying to each other.
That's who he's talking to.
If I could prove
he's talking to the Russians--
Prove he's N-13.
I'm not the enemy.
He is. Please. Let me prove it to you.
Keen wants to meet?
What she wants is to destroy the device
so we can't know
what she and Townsend are planning.
No. I think she wants to use the device
to prove Reddington's communicating
with his Russian handler.
We should at least hear her out.
-You think we should give her a big hug?
-She probably needs one.
The Russian Knot's a relic of the Cold War
that creates an analog code.
Newspaper classifieds
barely exist anymore.
This sounds more like Mr. Reddington
than it does Agent Keen
or Neville Townsend.
I appreciate your reluctance, Agent Park.
But if there's a chance this could finally
prove that Reddington's a Russian agent,
I think we need to hear
what Agent Keen has to say.
She'll wanna know
I have your word on this.
That we won't double-cross her.
You have it. Call her back.
Cooper signed off. How this is gonna work?
Grab a pen, and listen carefully.
This is Assistant Director Harold Cooper,
authorization code 39587.
I need to requisition a team
for surveillance and apprehension.
Who is it?
[Raymond] Emma Foster?
Who's asking?
My name is Farwell Smith.
Your mother's attorney.
You work with my mom.
I helped her
with some of her estate planning.
She never mentioned you.
Most of my clients
don't mention me to their children.
Wills and trusts can be awkward.
It's all part of the job,
in order to deliver
a little bit of good news
at an otherwise mournful time.
Mournful?
I'm sorry. I thought you knew.
Anne passed away.
I am so sorry for your loss.
[pensive music playing]
Hey, Keen. I'm here.
[Liz] There's a man selling pretzels
at the 72nd Street crossover
above the fountain. Buy one.
[Cooper] He's headed into the park.
Keen knows our vehicles will pull back.
Beta Team, stand down.
Delta, can you go on foot?
Drop your cell in the trash.
Down the steps, by the fountain.
I don't have a visual.
Somebody get me eyes.
Beta, clear emergency access.
So you have bodyguards now.
Is that it?
You have Reddington's ad?
Did Reddington tell you
how he knew I'd be in Minsk?
I think he thinks I told you.
It's the romantic in him.
[whirring]
-Okay. Enter the number first.
-That belong to your mother?
Tell me you at least tried calling that?
It's not a phone number.
It's a key
meant to orient the machine's settings.
Yes, this book belonged to my mother.
Along with a storage locker filled with
half-solved clues about Reddington
and a series of encrypted messages.
There's more than one?
And if we can decrypt this one,
we can decrypt all of them.
Okay. Now what?
[Liz] The circled letters in order.
[man] I have eyes. Should we move in?
Keep your distance
until units are in place.
We don't know what protection she has.
Keep this clean.
C-M-A. That's it.
You okay? Keen, what is it?
I don't know
how Reddington knew I was coming.
I don't know how he knows
half the things he does.
But I do know that I am right about this.
I wish you'd believe me.
I do believe you.
I wish you didn't need proof.
That's the message. Numbers?
I don't understand.
[ominous music playing]
Maybe we did it wrong.
Maybe we need to try again.
Damn it. Keen, hey!
This isn't me!
Send them in, now!
-We're made. Go now. Move in.
-Keen, wait! They lied to me!
Hey, Keen. Hey, stop!
Stop. Keen, they lied to me.
I had no idea. I swear.
Oh, my God.
[dramatic music playing]
-She's somewhere under the terrace.
-All units, move in.
I repeat, move in now.
[Emma] This can't be right.
Your mother had a considerable estate.
We talked about it
as recently as a year ago.
I was gonna get like, 3000.
Not 3 million.
Perhaps she wanted it
to be a pleasant surprise.
Did you know she was in love
with a wanted fugitive?
[emotional music playing]
-She told you that?
-She called last week.
About him and how these people
had come to where she lived to kill him.
I tried asking her what was going on.
All she wanted
was for me to protect myself.
That the people who were after him
might come after her or me.
I thought it was crazy talk...
but she insisted I drop everything...
and go into hiding.
So I came here and waited.
She told me she was hoping to stay
with a friend in a cabin on a lake...
and she'd call me
when everything settled down.
That was the last time
I ever spoke to her.
I don't know what to say.
Did you know her well?
I did.
Then you can understand why I want
to remember her love and kindness.
Not her connection to a criminal.
I can't do that if any of this money
comes from him.
Can you promise me that it doesn't?
I can't promise you that.
But I can promise you that your mother
wanted you to have everything
that she could possibly give you.
That would include this.
Think about it.
You can always donate it to a charity.
Set up a scholarship.
Put on a play.
At the very least pay all your bills,
buy something for yourself.
And then, if you want,
you can give the rest of it away.
Just think about it.
How did she die?
It was an accident.
Caused by the fugitive?
No.
But he was responsible.
Tell me.
A man like that, do you think
he'll ever get what's coming to him?
I do.
[Esi] You're crazy. You do know that.
-I think of it as determined.
-Yeah.
Determined to get yourself killed.
For what?
We couldn't crack the code.
You had the messages and the machine
to decrypt it, and what did you get?
-A whole lot of nothing.
-We must be missing a step.
-An input my mom didn't know about.
-Say there is, and we figured it out,
you think the FBI
is letting you near that machine again?
Ressler gave you a shot.
He's not giving you another one.
How did Reddington know we'd be in Minsk?
We didn't tell anybody.
We found the folder of classified ads.
We reviewed my mom's notes on encryption.
We needed the Russian Knot to decrypt it.
We went to Minsk to try and get it.
Where's the opening
for Reddington in that?
[dramatic music playing]
-Belsky.
-We trusted you.
-And I value that trust.
-I value my life more.
-Which is why you told Reddington.
I was told to report
any inquiry about a code
that requires the Russian Knot to decrypt.
He was clear
on how important that was to him.
I know what that means.
So the minute we showed you the ads,
you showed him.
[Belsky] She heard I was an expert
on the Russian Knot.
She knew the ads were a code
and was hoping I could decrypt them.
Mid-30s, brown hair, blue eyes?
I didn't tell him it was you.
He seemed to know already.
You told me I needed a Russian Knot
to decrypt the message.
I got one and still can't read it.
There are keys you need to read the code.
-I have them, the phone number.
-Maybe there were more.
-Or the ones you had were wrong.
-Give me the right ones, then.
-I don't know them.
-Well, then find me a person who does!
The only person who has the keys
is the one who encrypted the message.
Reddington.
Great.
-Is there anything on Elizabeth?
-Not a word.
Dembe has the faith
that comes from belief.
All I have are questions.
Why? How? What for? Was it worth it?
The answer's no.
Whatever the outcome,
it most certainly was not.
-Well, at least you have it.
-[Cooper] I do.
Along with the hope
that I'm not being played.
[Raymond] All right.
First, type in the telephone number.
I assume the Cézanne
has been returned to its rightful place
at the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford.
It has.
Now the first letter of each word,
in order.
I gave up the commission
on the sale of a $20 million painting.
And enraged the consigliere
who entrusted me with the task.
Do you really think I'd do all that
just to play you, Harold?
[machine clicking]
[Cooper] A bunch of numbers?
Yes. Until you substitute each number
for the corresponding letter.
One becomes A, two becomes B,
and so forth.
Do you have a pen?
All right. Let's hurry.
I'm morbidly curious
to find out what painful end
Elizabeth has in store for me.
[Cooper] The code was the address
for some abandoned warehouse.
-A date and time.
-Instructions for a hit.
The device spit out random numbers.
What were we missing?
One more step.
Each number represents a letter.
-So the billboard was a message.
-Reddington told us the truth.
And Keen didn't.
[cell phone ringing]
I understand why you're upset.
I wasn't honest with you.
For what it's worth, I wish I'd been wrong
to doubt your judgment about Keen.
-You were wrong.
-How can you say that?
She said this was about keeping her
from Mr. Reddington's intel.
We now know it was about
keeping him from reading hers.
I know that's what it looks like.
It looks that way because it is that way.
You need to accept that.
Why? So you stop following me?
-Raymond!
-Hello, Paula.
Thank you for coming.
How was the drive?
Did Dembe talk your ear off?
It was just great.
Sometimes I like to lean my head
on the window next to me.
So I can feel all of the little bumps
on the road.
And my vision starts to flutter,
and I just space out like I'm in a dream.
That sounds nice.
You know what also sounds nice?
Employment.
Did you get a new job?
I did not. I'm offering one.
Ah. What kind of job?
A service provider.
Are you asking me to find people for you?
Like Jelly Bean did?
Why don't we sit, have a cup of tea,
share some tawdry tales,
have a laugh or two,
and then we'll drive you home?
You can put your head up against the glass
and go to your happy place,
and I can tell you
what it is I have in mind.
[cell phone ringing]
-Ressler.
-[Liz] Hey.
Thank God you're all right, Keen.
I don't even know
why I'm returning this call.
Look, I'm sorry.
They used me to lure you out.
Yeah. A lot of good that did.
You're right. But at least now
I know what those numbers mean.
Because Cooper handed the device
to Reddington.
He did.
So they decoded his fake message.
-They think I'm a liar.
-No. But I don't. I'll prove it.
I know the step you're missing.
Each number stands for a letter.
One is A, two is B, three is C.
-They're using alphanumeric substitution.
-Exactly.
Hang on. Okay. Seventeen is Q.
Sixteen is O. No.
Sixteen is P.
Eighteen is R. One is A.
-Fourteen?
-N.
-Sixteen?
-P.
[Liz] Two is B.
-Wait. That doesn't make any sense.
-What does it say?
"Q-P-R-A-N-P-B." It's not a word.
Maybe it's backwards
or the letters of each word are jumbled.
Reddington told us this is how it works.
It has to say something.
Oh, my God. That's it.
The Cyrillic alphabet.
We translated the numbers into English
because that's what Reddington did,
but his message was a fake
meant to throw us off.
[dramatic music playing]
Oh, my God.
What does it say?
"It's time. Mobilize assets."
A message from a Russian handler
to a Russian spy.
-Reddington.
-But what does he mean?
It's time. Time for what?
Rise and shine, sleepy head.
Elizabeth.
You wanted proof? I got you proof.
Proof that Reddington is N-13.
Proof that he's responsible
for what happened to your family.
And proof that my mother was innocent.
[gasping]
I can walk you through the details
after you catch your breath.
After you get it through your
thick skull that you do not threaten me!
Because while we may be partners
in this hunt, I do not work for you.
[dramatic music playing]